well I'd either internet people it's Bo
again so we talk a lot on this channel
about the concept of never kicking down
always punch up you know it's never the
people below you who are the source of
your problems it's not the way it works
on a recent live storm had somebody
asked me if I watch sports and I said no
that's not entirely true I will watch a
match if it's mismanaged if somebody's
going way outside their weight class
like root for the underdog
somebody who is punching up at the same
time something else we talked about on
this channel is personifying a movement
and how it becomes very dangerous and
very self-defeating people get
discouraged if whoever is personified
loses if they aren't the presumptive
nominee it causes a breakdown of forward
momentum when that happens right now
bernie is is in that situation he is
looking less and less like the nominee
sure Bernie can still went all that but
it's looking less likely
but that's only part of the battle if
you become discouraged by that your
personifying the movement your
personifying that idea of progress there
are a whole bunch of fights going on in
the house and in the Senate that are
just as significant when it comes to
going after the establishment in that
vein I've spent the last 16 hours or so
interviewing the person running against
Nancy Pelosi a another Democrat running
against Nancy Pelosi the Democrat
running against Mitch McConnell and the
person primary Debbie wasserman-schultz
here in Florida these people are all
just coming into politics and they are
taking on some of the biggest names in
politics we're gonna release those
interviews over the next few days these
are all people who are punching up these
are all people who have progressive
ideas of varying degrees some of them
are well let's just say there were a few
surprising moments for me and it they're
definitely worth watching if you want to
get a good read on where the future of
politics in the United States is headed
especially if you live in Broward County
San Francisco or Kentucky
they'll be incredibly informing I will
tell you that because of my internet
connection each one of the interviews
when it starts I sound like a robot but
you're not really listening to these for
me and it does get better as the show
goes on but those will be coming up I
think the first one goes on line here in
a few hours and that will be never ever
thought I would see a candidate for the
house seeing the praises of a general
strike did not have that on my political
bingo card
this fight is not about one person if
you want systemic change in the United
States it's not about Bernie it's about
those ideas right there are other people
representing those ideas there are other
people seeking to implement I don't
endorse candidates but I do love to
watch a good fight anyway it's just a
thought I'll have a have a good day